Sister Yoting
Long time no see.
Yeah, it's been a while
So I heard.
You have unified the underground forces of South East Asia
Now it is a veritable Asian beauty queen, Sister Ting
Lose it, stop flattering
It's not that the heartless man wants a note
Otherwise, why would I be so tired?
Oh, right.
Why did I hear that they are going to choose a new leader?
Those unscrupulous
I, Wang Xiaohu, only have big brother in my heart
Tiandi Mengshi Business was founded by one hand
Even if he quits the arena
I also want to help him keep this memory
When he comes back, I will hand it over to him.
I think so.
The key is this big brother
Don't want to go out?
It's not because of that woman
boy
Are you talking about Rongrong? You compare the abilities of the two
In terms of financial resources, you are rich and I can't compare to him
Yeah, I gave him a baby
I can give him a football team if he wants
Oh, I'll support you tomorrow.
How did I hear
Yuan Andi transferred money to the woman's company to help him
I oops
Big brother let me
No way, you have no conscience
Get busy
Hey, do you want to add eggs to the scene, Sister Ting?
Why are you here?
It's Zhenzhen's birthday tomorrow.
I came to give him his birthday present
What does your daughter's birthday have to do with you?
That's my daughter after all.
How dare you say that?
If it weren't for your real legs, would you be disabled?
I was the one who wronged my daughter
I've been looking for a chance to make up for it
This is a birthday present I asked a friend to prepare.
Doesn't he like Liu Tianhou the most?
This thing
I don't want to hear it anymore
About you and your friends
You shady people
I want you to stay away from my life
The further the better.
I don't want to have no future with you anymore
because
What's the matter, hurry up
I will never let my daughter see you again
Wait a minute.
Wei Wei, this is your stick
Ex-husband?